feat: RHOAIENG-27701: e2e to validate recovery after pod restart (#2318)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-operator: README.md

make e2e-test -e E2E_TEST_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE=<namespace> -e E2E_TEST_OPERATOR_CONTROLLER=false -e E2E_TEST_WEBHOOK=false -e E2E_TEST_COMPONENTS=false -e E2E_TEST_SERVICE=monitoring
```

>    commands to run test suite excluding tests for ray `component`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Example command to run test suite excluding tests for ray `component`:
```
